Fix ssl error in google cloud SCC (#17852)
demisto/content: Packs/GoogleCloudSCC/ReleaseNotes/2_0_6.md

#### Integrations
##### Google Cloud SCC
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/google-api-py3:1.0.0.27063*.

> - Fixed an issue where the ***test-module*** command failed when using a custom certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***test-module*** command would fail when using a custom certificate.
```
